PyCon 2022 (#23)
ppb/ppb.dev: _drafts/pycon-2022.md

---
title: "PPB at PyCon US 2022"
layout: post
author: Jamie
tags: 
- pycon
---

> We, the maintainers of Pursued Py Bear, will not be attending PyCon 2022 in Salt Lake City in person.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We, the maintainers of PursuedPyBear, will not be attending PyCon 2022 in Salt Lake City in person.
```
